To create a connection to Elasticsearch, create an instance of class Elasticsearch, passing a connection URL as an argument:   
Data in Elasticsearch is written to indexes. Unlike a relational database, the data is just a JSON object  
For each document stored, Elasticsearch takes a unique id and the JSON object with the data.   
Elasticsearch uses JSON as the serialisation format for the documents.      


### Elasticsearch 
Elastic search is an open source search engine built on top of Apache Lucecne.
Elasticsearch is a real-time distributed search and analytics engine. It allows you to explore your data at a speed
 and at a scale never before possible.   
### use Elasticsearch
It is used for full text search, structured search, analytics and all three in combination.  

### Installing and running Elasticsearch 
The only requirement for installing Elasticsearch is a recent version of Java. 
run browser http://localhost:9200.  
`{
  "name" : "maaz-Lenovo-G50-70",
  "cluster_name" : "elasticsearch",
  "cluster_uuid" : "FxI19GCBSKmobNS1nFYXhg",
  "version" : {
    "number" : "7.8.0",
    "build_flavor" : "default",
    "build_type" : "deb",
    "build_hash" : "757314695644ea9a1dc2fecd26d1a43856725e65",
    "build_date" : "2020-06-14T19:35:50.234439Z",
    "build_snapshot" : false,
    "lucene_version" : "8.5.1",
    "minimum_wire_compatibility_version" : "6.8.0",
    "minimum_index_compatibility_version" : "6.0.0-beta1"
  },
  "tagline" : "You Know, for Search"
} 
* To retrive any document we would need three pieces of informantion.   
1. Index — Database   
2. Datatype — Type of the document   
3. Id — Id of the document   
## Index    
An index is some type of data organization mechanism, allowing the user to partition data a certain way.    
An index consists of one or more Documents, and a Document consists of one or more Fields.    
In other word the act of storing data in Elasticsearch is called indexing.      
 
 * for example  1    
This is like retrieving pages in a book related to a keyword by scanning the index at the back of a book.    
 * for example 2    
 e-commerce app example, you could have one index containing all of the data related to the products and another with    
 all of the data related to the customers.         
 
 You can have as many indices defined in Elasticsearch as you want. These in turn will hold documents that are unique to each index.

Indices are identified by lowercase names that refer to actions that are performed actions     
(such as searching and deleting) on the documents that are inside each index.       
